Modernize GitHub templates (issues and PRs) (#1024)
neo4j/neo4j-javascript-driver: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
    Thanks for making the effort to create a Pull Request!
    Please read the comment in its entirety fist.
    If you haven't already, please sign our Contributor License Agreement at
    https://neo4j.com/developer/cla/
    Commits from accounts that have not signed the CLA will fail the CI and
    will not be reviewed. If you are a first-time contributor and have just
    signed the CLA, please include a note about this in the PR comment as some
    manual steps from our side are required.
-->

<!--
    Title:
    PRs targeting the current default branch (nightly driver) don't follow a
    fixed naming scheme.
    If your PR is a backport, please use the following naming scheme:
    [targeted version] description
    e.g.,

>     [4.4] Remove a banana from the code

Reviewer: This seems to not match the workflow. On the other side this repo seems to use the `cherry-pick` label (which external contributers might not be able to set? not sure),  which is not a thing in the Python repo. So maybe you want to do something with that.

>     If your PR is a backport, please use the following naming scheme:
>     [targeted version] description
>     e.g.,
>     [4.4] Remove a banana from the code

Author: ```suggestion
    If your PR is a backport, please link the original PR in the comments.
```
